<h3 align="center">Bible Code Project</h3>

---

The Bible Code Project curently has three related projects under development with source code and data that can be used to develop your own computerized Bible project. The "American Computerized Bible" and the "New Christian Bible" projects both use Json files from the "BibleDB" project as their data source. The "BibleDB" project is a database project that stores various versions of the Bible in different machine readable file formats. All the data and source code for each of these projects is in the public domain and free of copyrights, therefore it's free for you to use in your own ministry or Bible project. If you use or alter any of this data or source code, please change the name of your project so people don't get confused.

---

##### Active Projects:

[1. American Computerized Bible Project](https://github.com/ACB-Bible/AmericanComputerizedBible)
[2. BibleDB Project](https://github.com/ACB-Bible/BibleDB)
[3. New Christian Bible Project](https://github.com/ACB-Bible/NCB)

---

#### Table of Contents:{#toc}

[1. ACB Folder](#acbf)<br>
[2. BibleDB Folder](#bdbf)
[3. CodeSnippets Folder](#csf)
[4. NCB Folder](#ncbf)
[5. VSCode Folder:](#vscf)

---

<br>

#### ACB Folder:{#acbf}
This folder contains the documentation for the American Computerized Bible Project.

* [ACB.md](/ACB/ACB.md)

---

<br>

#### [BibleDB Folder:](#toc){#bdbf}
This folder contains the documentation for the BibleDB Project.

* ***Bible Trivia Folder:*** - This folder contains interesting trivia about the bible.
    1. [BibleVersesAboutJesus.md](BibleDB/Bible-Trivia/BibleVersesAboutJesus.md) - A file that contains all the recorded quotes by Jesus contained in the "New Testament."
    2. [InterestingQuranFacts.md](BibleDB/Bible-Trivia/InterestingQuranFacts.md) - A list of "New Testament" verses where Jesus is mentioned in the bible.
    3. [JesusQuotes.md](BibleDB/Bible-Trivia/JesusQuotes.md) - A bunch of interesting facts about the Quran.
    4. [MyFavoriteVerses.md](BibleDB/Bible-Trivia/MyFavoriteVerses.md) - A growing list of my favorite bible verses.
    5. [VersesJesusQuoted.md](BibleDB/Bible-Trivia/VersesJesusQuoted.md) - A file of the many wonderous things God has shown me through my dreams, visions, and personal contact with angels.

* [BibleBookLists.md](BibleDB/BibleBookLists.md) - A plain text list of all books in most versions of the bible.
* [BibleVersionList.md](BibleDB/BibleVersionList.md) - A plain text list of all the bible versions in the BibleDB Project.

---

<br>

#### [CodeSnippets Folder:](#toc){#csf}
This folder contains various Javascript syntax examples.

* ***CSS Folder:*** - 
<br>
* ***HTML Folder:*** - 
<br>
* ***Javascript Folder***        
    1. [A-F: Javascript.md](/CodeSnippets/Javascript/A-FJavascript.md)
        * A-F: Syntax examples for various Javascript functions arranged alphebetically.

---

<br>

#### [NCB Folder:](#toc){#ncbf}
This folder contains the documentation for the NCB "New Christian Bible" Project.

* [Cache.md](/NCB/Cache.md) - A file that lists the differences between all the browser cache storage types.
* [CloudflareCompression.md](/NCB/CloudflareCompression.md) - How to setup and enable brotli and Gzip compression on Cloudflare.
* [EditQueryString.md](/NCB/EditQueryString.md) - How to Edit the Querystring in the browser without causing the browser to reload the page.
* [FileIntegritySRIHash.md](/NCB/FileIntegritySRIHash.md) - How to create and use an Integrity SRI hash on Cloudflare.
* [Pako.md](/NCB/Pako.md) - How to use the pako.js file to Gzip compress and decompress a file with Javascript, Nodejs, and also in the browser.
* [XBrowserStorageDifferences.md](/NCB/XBrowserStorageDifferences.md) - The differences between browser cache storage types, and Javascript examples of how to use them.
* [XServiceWorkerFetch.md](/NCB/XServiceWorkerFetch.md) - Javascript syntax to intercept a fetch() request and hand it over to a serviceWorker to run in the background.
* [XShareBrowserPage.md](/NCB/XShareBrowserPage.md) - How to share a webpage from the browser, if the browser supports the navigator.share() function, it can be used to bring up a menu screen to pick an app to share a link.
---

<br>

#### [VSCode Folder:](#toc){#vscf}
This folder contains the documentation of how to setup the VSCode environment for editing the "American Computerized Bible," "BibleDB," and the "New Christian Bible" projects.

* ***Certificates Folder:***
    1. [CreateSSL.md](/VSCode/Certificates/CreateSSL.md) - An example of how to create an SSL certificate with the Windows Terminal.
    2. localhost.pfx - An SSL certificate generated by the terminal.

* [VSCodeSetup.md](/VSCode/VSCodeSetup.md) - A file with the directions to setup liveserver, Nodejs. and the debugger environment in VSCode.

---

<br>

<H5 align="center">End Table of Contents</H5>
<h5 align="center">Good Luck With Your Efforts!</h3>